W-14214532 permissions duke (#211)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/start-configure-permissions.adoc

= Configuring Permissions
:page-deployment-options: cloud-ide, desktop-ide
:page-aliases: configure-permissions.adoc

include::reuse::partial$beta-banner.adoc[tag="anypoint-code-builder"]

> Manage user access to Anypoint Code Builder and Anypoint Platform features used by the IDE. Use Access Management to grant permissions directly to individual users, or assign permissions to teams to which the users belong.

Author: ```suggestion
Manage user access to Anypoint Code Builder and Anypoint Platform features used by the cloud and desktop IDEs. Use Access Management to grant permissions directly to individual users, or assign permissions to teams to which the users belong.
```

> Manage user access to Anypoint Code Builder and Anypoint Platform features used by the cloud and desktop IDEs. Use Access Management to grant permissions directly to individual users, or assign permissions to teams to which the users belong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manage user access to Anypoint Code Builder and Anypoint Platform features used by the cloud and desktop IDEs. Use Access Management to grant permissions directly to individual users or assign permissions to teams to which the users belong.
```
